well good morning and welcome to the
second day of the global vaccine summit
last night we had a great celebration of
all progress we've made in the global
effort we are much closer today to
achieving the goal of universal coverage
today we'll have experts sitting down
and talking about what it takes to solve
this problem you'll hear some very
exciting new commitments to this fight
you'll see new partnerships that are
working together and solve the very
tough problems that we have in the final
stages I think today will go down in the
history of global health it's a very
important day right up there with the
time that UNICEF first committed to
universal vaccine right up there with
the original creation of the Global
Alliance for vaccines we have an
incredible set of people here I
challenge all of us to use the time
together to share our knowledge and
insights challenge each other's ideas
and assumptions and and use our combined
understanding and energy to generate the
new ideas and partnerships that will
achieve our goal it's within our power
to create a better future for children
through the power of our collaboration
so let's have the conversation begin
thank you
you